Update logic-apps-overview.md (#125026)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/logic-apps-overview.md

All these services help you connect and bring together disparate systems. Each service has their advantages and benefits, so combining their capabilities is the best way to quickly build a scalable, full-featured integration system. For more information, see [Choose between Azure Logic Apps, Azure Functions, Azure WebJobs, and Microsoft Power Automate](../azure-functions/functions-compare-logic-apps-ms-flow-webjobs.md).

## How does Azure Logic Apps differ from Azure Automation Runbooks?

> Azure [Automation Runbooks](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/automation/automation-runbook-types) provide a lightweight and cost-effective solution for straightforward remediations, such as restarting virtual machines. In contrast, Azure Logic Apps are ideal for custom workflows, complex logic, and multi-service integrations.

Reviewer: Hi @azarboon,

Thank you for your contribution! Before we can merge this PR, please make the recommended edits? Thanks!

```suggestion
[Azure Automation Runbooks](/azure/automation/automation-runbook-types) provide a lightweight and cost-effective solution for straightforward remediations, such as restarting virtual machines. In contrast, Azure Logic Apps are ideal for workflows and orchestrations between multiple services, systems, apps, and data. including workloads that run custom code or require complex logic that uses control structures such as loops, branching, conditions, and more.
```
